is_started
  A special template used to ask the game if it has begun. Until the game is confirmed to have
  started, all commands are saved in the problem solver.

Control Templates:
These templates are the basis of valid messages.

  conditional
    A pairing of a control template with an event template. The response should trigger ONCE upon an
    event, trigger repeatedly WHILE an event occurs for the first time, trigger repeatedly UNTIL an
    event occurs for the first time, or ALWAYS trigger when the event ever occurs.

  sequential
    A pairing of a control template with another control template. The orders specified by the first
    template should occur before the orders specified by the second template.

  action
    General class of templates that always involves a command to some unit or set of units
    (commanded_unit).

Action Templates:
  Inherit from the action template.

  build
    Required to specify which unit type to build, a quantity and an ecg_id.
    NOT IMPLEMENTED: Specify which unit should build it and/or where it should be built.

  gather
    Required to specify which resource resource type to gather. Optionally can specify which units
    should perform the action. If none are specified, selected or idle workers will perform the
    action.

  move
    Required to specify a location and optionally which units should perform the action. If none are
    specified, selected units will move or no action will occur.

  join_squad
    Optionally specify set_one and set_two. If both are specified, then units matching the sets will
    form a squad. If only set_one is specified, then units matching set_one and any selected units
    will form a squad. If neither is specified then selected units will form a squad.

  attack
    Optionally specify which units should perform the action as well as specifying a target, be it
    units or a location. If not provided, all combat units or selected units will attack and the
    enemy base will be attacked.

  defend
    Optionally specify which units should perform the action as well as specifying a target, be it
    units or a location. If not provided, all combat units or selected units will defend and the
    command center region will be defended.

Event Templates:
  event
    General class of templates that always involves an attribute of the game state. A solitary event
    template is not a valid message.

  army
    A template for the event of having a certain class of units in the army. It is required to
    specify the unit_descriptor.

  resources
    A template for the event of having a certain resource state. It is required to specify the
    resource type, a value for that resource and whether the comparator is GEQ, LEQ or EQ to the
    value. A value of -1 for supply refers to the maximum supply. A value of -X for supply refers
    to X-1 less than the maximum supply.

  destruction
    A template for the event of units being destroyed. It is required to specify the unit_descriptor.


Descriptor Templates:
  Templates for describing common bits of information used in other templates.

  location
    Required to specify the position relative to the landmark. Optionally specify a unit/building as a
    landmark. If no landmark is given, then the user's mouse position will be used as the landmark.

  units
    Required to specify the quantity which in conjunction with comparator, determines how many of
    the specified class of units there should be. The GEQ comparator means to only match sets of
    size >= quantity. The LEQ comparator means to match only match sets of size <= quantity. The EQ
    comparator means to match sets up to size = quantity and to prune larger sets when possible.

    The name provides a unique identifier to a completed unit or squad. The ecg_id provides a
    unique identification to a unit that is referred to in a build action.

    The unit_type gives information for filtering on unit type. The status gives information for
    filtering on status of unit, or NA if no filter. The ally boolean allows filtering for allied
    units as opposed to enemy units. If the language does not specify enemy, then ally is assumed.

    The location, if supplied, provides a location to find the units in.
